Add `useRegisterRef` hook (#1)
mediamonks/react-hooks: src/useRegisterRef/useRegisterRef.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta
  title="useRegisterRef/docs"
/>

# useRegisterRef

> A helper hook that allows you to easily register and access refs by "name", even supports arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A helper hook that allows you to easily register and access refs by "name", including ref collections. 
```

Due to the dynamic nature of collecting refs, it's tricky to know how many `useRef` calls you need
to consistently do without explicitly setting (and updating when your refs change) the amount.
This is why this hook doesn't use `useRef` at all, but stores the actual DOM elements directly.

This means that other hooks that rely on `ref.current` will not work. In that case you should

> change the hook (if you can), or wrap your element inside a ref (TODO: this can be easily done

Reviewer: Spotted a TODO ;)

with the `todo` hook).

## Reference

```ts
function useRegisterRef<T extends Record<string, unknown>>(): readonly [
  T,
  (name: string, index?: number) => (ref: Element | null) => void,
]
```

### Returns

* `[refs, registerRef]` - Define the return value here.
  * `refs` – An object with the registered DOM Elements, matching the structure and type of the
    passed `Refs` in the generics.
  * `registerRef` – A factory to create a scoped function to pass to the JSX `ref` attribute.
    You pass the name of the ref you want to capture (matching the `Refs` generics) and the
    index if you are registering a collection of items, and it returns a function that collects
    the React element under that name in the `refs` object.
    When using arrays (and your `Refs` defines something as an array), you have to append `[]`
    to the name of the ref, so we can turn on the array capture behaviour.

## Usage

```tsx
const [refs, registerRef] = useRegisterRef<Refs>();
````

```tsx
type Refs = {
  element: HTMLDivElement;

>   elements: Array<HTMLSpanElement>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  elements: ReadonlyArray<HTMLSpanElement>;
```
